pages/research.md, before:

---
title: Research
permalink: "/research"
layout: page
---


## Check out this research program!

"Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum."

https://temple.edu

---

## Check out this research program!

"Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum."

https://temple.edu

Commit message:

Added research content from Wordpress

pages/research.md, after:

---
title: Research
permalink: /research
layout: page
published: true
---

## Research Centers

## [The Center for the Study of Force and Diplomacy](http://www.temple.edu/cenfad/)

The Center for the Study of Force and Diplomacy (CENFAD), founded in 1993 by Drs. Richard Immerman, Russell Weigley, and David Rosenberg, fosters interdisciplinary faculty and student research on the historic and contemporary use of force and diplomacy in a global context.

## [The Feinstein Center for American Jewish History](http://www.cla.temple.edu/feinsteincenter/)

The Feinstein Center for American Jewish History supports innovative approaches to understanding American Jewish life. Its mission is simple: Inspiring Inquiry. In collaboration with institutions in Philadelphia and beyond, the FEINSTEIN CENTER invites the public to join conversations about Jewish culture, politics, history, and identity across time and space.

## [Center for Public History](http://sites.temple.edu/centerforpublichistory/)

Center for Public History program combines a solid grounding in American history with practical training in non-profit heritage management. Students serve internships in the shadow of Independence Hall, wander the back rooms of our nation’s oldest museums, and explore new possibilities for digital pasts at some of the most historically significant sites in the United States.

## Dissent in America Teach-Ins

Evolving from Professor Ralph Young’s Dissent in America course and co-sponsored by the History Department and the History Honors Society Phi Alpha Theta, each Friday since September 2002 students gather to discuss the historical background to the current political situation in the world.

The Teach-ins are held Fridays, 3:00 pm to 4:30 pm, Anderson Hall 821.

### To learn more about the teach-ins, see:

- The article “The Right to Dissent” in the 2003 Philadelphia Inquirer article, [History Scholars Fight Present War](http://www.peace.ca/professorsrally.htm).
- The Associated Press & WPVI Channel 6 report on the Oct. 15, 2004 teach-in. The [AP article](http://www.cla.temple.edu/history/2004/10/19/veteran-earns-dissenters-respect-at-teach-in/) was published in over 50 news sources including CNN_, The Washington Post, The Guardian, New York Newsday, The Miami Herald, The Chicago Sun-Times_ & many others.
- Professor Young’s article on dissent in the July 2004 issue of [USA Today Magazine](http://www.cla.temple.edu/history/files/2014/04/DISSENT.pdf).
- An article about the teach-ins in the March 2010 issue of the AHA’s [Perspectives on History](http://www.cla.temple.edu/history/2010/03/18/teaching-history-sixties-style-at-temple-university/)
