pages/resources.md, before:

---
title: Resources
permalink: "/resources"
layout: page
---

## Resources here here to help!

"Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum."

https://temple.edu

---

## Resources here here to help!

"Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum."

https://temple.edu

Commit message:

Added resources from Fact Sheet

pages/resources.md, after:

---
title: Resources
permalink: /resources
layout: page
published: true
---

## Resources here here to help!

## Make Your Declaration

The College of Liberal Arts has the largest selection of academic offerings at Temple University. Our students have the flexibility to explore all of their interests – from the humanities and social sciences to business and the media arts.

For a complete list of our academic offerings visit [liberalarts.temple.edu](liberalarts.temple.edu)

## Visit Us!

The Office of Admissions offers tours daily. To register for a tour, please go to [temple.edu/visit](temple.edu/visit )
If you would like to experience the College of Liberal Arts firsthand you can take advantage of the various visit opportunities we have throughout the year, including the Liberal Arts Preview Day.

For more information, please go to: [liberalarts.temple.edu/admissions/visit](liberalarts.temple.edu/admissions/visit)

## Thinking Of Transferring?

The College of Liberal Arts offers a great deal of flexibility to help you accomplish your goals as efficiently as possible.

To learn more about transferring to Temple, please visit [temple.edu/transfer](temple.edu/transfer)

## Apply

When you are ready to apply, submit your application online at [admissions.temple.edu/app](admissions.temple.edu/app)

## Deadlines

**February 1**: Freshman Application Deadline for Fall Semester
**March 1: FAFSA**Financial Aid Application Deadline
**November 1**: Transfer Deadline for Spring Semester
**June 1**: Transfer Deadline for Fall Semester
