pages/student-life.md, before:

---
title: Student Life
permalink: /student-life/
layout: page
keywords: 'dissent in america, james a barnes club, awards and scholarships'
description: >-
published: true
---
## The James A. Barnes Club
![James A. Barnes Club]({{site.baseurl}}/media/resized James A Barnes logo.png){:.img-right}
The purpose of the James A. Barnes Club is to foster a sense of community among the graduate students in the History Department. Graduate study is not only intellectually challenging (and rewarding), but emotionally draining as well. Coursework is intense, and graduate students in the History Department shuttle between Temple University’s Center City Campus (TUCC) and Main Campus; often without seeing a sympathetic fellow graduate student. All too often, graduate school can be an isolating, intimidating place. The Barnes Club works to change that.

Our organization is a support group for the concerns and issues that graduate students face each day. The Barnes Club serves as a vital liaison between graduate history students and the History Department, informing students about department events and voicing our concerns to the faculty. The Barnes Club email list distributes important information on department events and activities, conference and career opportunities, and Barnes Club social events to our members.

Learn More about the [James A. Barnes Club](https://sites.temple.edu/barnesclub/)

## Awards and Scholarships
The History Department offers a number of awards to undergraduates who demonstrate excellence in their History courses. At the end of the spring term each academic year a handful of students are selected to receive recognition for their research and writing abilities.

For a complete list of departmental and college level awards and scholarships you may be eligible for, please visit the [College of Liberal Arts Awards and Scholarships](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/about-us/resources/awards-and-scholarships?field_awards_department_nid=4588&field_awards_academics_class_value=All) page.

## Center for the Study of Force and Diplomacy (CENFAD) Awards
The Center for the Study of Force and Diplomacy (CENFAD) awards several additional fellowships and grants. They include:

**Thomas J. Davis Endowed Fellowship in Diplomacy and Foreign Relations**
This fellowship is made possible by the generosity of Todd Davis, who received his Ph.D. in History from Temple in 2002 and served as the first graduate assistant for development for the Center for the Study of Diplomacy (CENFAD). Todd named the fellowship after his father, a decorated first lieutenant in the U.S. Army who was killed in action during the Vietnam War.  Responsibilities will be dedicated to advancing the Center for the Study of Force and Diplomacy. In this capacity, your assignment will be primarily to assist, through research and writing, applications for external grants to support CENFAD’s projects. You will also be expected to assist in the publication of CENFAD’s newsletter, Strategic Visions, help publicize lectures and symposia, administrate CENFAD’s website, coordinate CENFAD colloquia and other events, and contribute in parallel ways. As is the case with a conventional assistantship, you will not be expected to work more than 20 hours per week. The fellowship Includes a stipend — amount changes each year.

**Sergeant Major William F. Berger Prize Endowed Fellowship for War and Society**
This fellowship is made possible by the generosity of Joseph Eble, who received his M.A. in History from Temple in 1997. Joe previously earned a graduate degree from the U.S. Naval War College in National Security and Strategic Studies and served in the U.S. Navy for 21 years before retiring as a commander. He named the fellowship after his father-in-law, a decorated sergeant major in the U.S. Army who fought in both World War II and Vietnam. Responsibilities will be dedicated to advancing the History Department’s concentration in War and Society, a vital dimension of the Center for the Study of Force and Diplomacy (CENFAD). You will fulfill this responsibility primarily as a teaching assistant in the introductory course in War and Society, History C063. You will also have the opportunity to contribute to the development of a more extensive curriculum in War and Society. As is the case with a conventional assistantship, you will not be expected to work more than 20 hours per week. The prize includes a stipend.

**The Marvin Wachman Fellowship in Force and Diplomacy**
To be awarded to a Temple University graduate student in the history of U.S. foreign relations.

**The John Votaw Research Award**
Endowed research award for Temple University graduate students of diplomatic and military history, with preference going to military history.

**The Jeffrey Bower Research Award**
Awarded to a Temple University graduate student of military or diplomatic history. Preference is given to students who incorporate a study of technology into their work.

- The Department also awards the Allen Davis Endowed Fellowship in Public History (an incoming Ph.D. student who is interested in public history).

## Dissent in America Teach-Ins
![Dissent in America Teach-In]({{site.baseurl}}/media/resized history_teach in.png){:.img-right} 
Evolving from Prof. Ralph Young’s Dissent in America course, students gather to discuss the historical background to the current political situation in the world. The Teach-ins are held Fridays, 2:00 pm to 3:30 pm in 914 Gladfelter Hall (the Weigley Room). Plesae check the [Temple University Calendar of Events](https://events.temple.edu/department/college-of-liberal-arts) at the beginning of the semester to see the teach-in schedule.
- If you have a suggestion or idea for a speaker or topic, please fill out the following [form](https://form.jotform.com/81094750388161).
- Follow the Dissent in America Teach-ins on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Dissent-in-America-Teach-in/1409419602625923)! 

Learn More about our Teach-Ins!:
- The article “The Right to Dissent” in the 2003 Philadelphia Inquirer article, [History Scholars Fight Present War](http://www.peace.ca/professorsrally.htm).
- The Associated Press & WPVI Channel 6 report on the Oct. 15, 2004 teach-in. The [AP article](http://www.cla.temple.edu/history/2004/10/19/veteran-earns-dissenters-respect-at-teach-in/) was published in over 50 news sources including CNN_, The Washington Post, The Guardian, New York Newsday, The Miami Herald, The Chicago Sun-Times_ & many others.
- Professor Young’s article on dissent in the July 2004 issue of [USA Today Magazine](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/sites/liberalarts/files/DISSENT.pdf).
- An article about the teach-ins in the March 2010 issue of the AHA’s [Perspectives on History](https://www.historians.org/publications-and-directories/perspectives-on-history/march-2010/teaching-history-sixties-style-at-temple-university)

Commit message:

updated page with TUHSSA content

pages/student-life.md, after:

---
title: Student Life
permalink: /student-life/
layout: page
keywords: 'dissent in america, james a barnes club, awards and scholarships'
description: >-
published: true
---
## Temple University History and Social Science Association (TUHSSA)
![Walking tour of the Rittenhouse Square Neighborhood with Dr. Dale Winling]({{site.baseurl}}/media/resized TUHSSA.png){:.img-right}
Temple University History and Social Science Association is the main undergraduate student group for History majors and minors. TUHSSA’s main objective is to serve undergraduate students interested in history, political science, and economics. We sponsor a lecture series, historical movie nights, panels for students, day trips to historical sites and much more. TUHSSA also provides a tutoring service, and publishes an annual Undergraduate History Journal. In addition, TUHSSA works closely with CENFAD, the Dissent in America Teach-Ins and the history honors program.

- For more information, or if you’d like to join, please contact us at [tuhssa@gmail.com](mailto:tuhssa@gmail.com). 

- Connect with TUHSSA on [Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=72543762899) and [Twitter](http://www.twitter.com/tuhssa)! 

## The James A. Barnes Club
![James A. Barnes Club]({{site.baseurl}}/media/resized James A Barnes logo.png){:.img-right}
The purpose of the James A. Barnes Club is to foster a sense of community among the graduate students in the History Department. Graduate study is not only intellectually challenging (and rewarding), but emotionally draining as well. Coursework is intense, and graduate students in the History Department shuttle between Temple University’s Center City Campus (TUCC) and Main Campus; often without seeing a sympathetic fellow graduate student. All too often, graduate school can be an isolating, intimidating place. The Barnes Club works to change that.

Our organization is a support group for the concerns and issues that graduate students face each day. The Barnes Club serves as a vital liaison between graduate history students and the History Department, informing students about department events and voicing our concerns to the faculty. The Barnes Club email list distributes important information on department events and activities, conference and career opportunities, and Barnes Club social events to our members.

Learn More about the [James A. Barnes Club](https://sites.temple.edu/barnesclub/)

## Awards and Scholarships
The History Department offers a number of awards to undergraduates who demonstrate excellence in their History courses. At the end of the spring term each academic year a handful of students are selected to receive recognition for their research and writing abilities.

For a complete list of departmental and college level awards and scholarships you may be eligible for, please visit the [College of Liberal Arts Awards and Scholarships](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/about-us/resources/awards-and-scholarships?field_awards_department_nid=4588&field_awards_academics_class_value=All) page.

## Center for the Study of Force and Diplomacy (CENFAD) Awards
The Center for the Study of Force and Diplomacy (CENFAD) awards several additional fellowships and grants. They include:

**Thomas J. Davis Endowed Fellowship in Diplomacy and Foreign Relations**
This fellowship is made possible by the generosity of Todd Davis, who received his Ph.D. in History from Temple in 2002 and served as the first graduate assistant for development for the Center for the Study of Diplomacy (CENFAD). Todd named the fellowship after his father, a decorated first lieutenant in the U.S. Army who was killed in action during the Vietnam War.  Responsibilities will be dedicated to advancing the Center for the Study of Force and Diplomacy. In this capacity, your assignment will be primarily to assist, through research and writing, applications for external grants to support CENFAD’s projects. You will also be expected to assist in the publication of CENFAD’s newsletter, Strategic Visions, help publicize lectures and symposia, administrate CENFAD’s website, coordinate CENFAD colloquia and other events, and contribute in parallel ways. As is the case with a conventional assistantship, you will not be expected to work more than 20 hours per week. The fellowship Includes a stipend — amount changes each year.

**Sergeant Major William F. Berger Prize Endowed Fellowship for War and Society**
This fellowship is made possible by the generosity of Joseph Eble, who received his M.A. in History from Temple in 1997. Joe previously earned a graduate degree from the U.S. Naval War College in National Security and Strategic Studies and served in the U.S. Navy for 21 years before retiring as a commander. He named the fellowship after his father-in-law, a decorated sergeant major in the U.S. Army who fought in both World War II and Vietnam. Responsibilities will be dedicated to advancing the History Department’s concentration in War and Society, a vital dimension of the Center for the Study of Force and Diplomacy (CENFAD). You will fulfill this responsibility primarily as a teaching assistant in the introductory course in War and Society, History C063. You will also have the opportunity to contribute to the development of a more extensive curriculum in War and Society. As is the case with a conventional assistantship, you will not be expected to work more than 20 hours per week. The prize includes a stipend.

**The Marvin Wachman Fellowship in Force and Diplomacy**
To be awarded to a Temple University graduate student in the history of U.S. foreign relations.

**The John Votaw Research Award**
Endowed research award for Temple University graduate students of diplomatic and military history, with preference going to military history.

**The Jeffrey Bower Research Award**
Awarded to a Temple University graduate student of military or diplomatic history. Preference is given to students who incorporate a study of technology into their work.

- The Department also awards the Allen Davis Endowed Fellowship in Public History (an incoming Ph.D. student who is interested in public history).

## Dissent in America Teach-Ins
![Dissent in America Teach-In]({{site.baseurl}}/media/resized history_teach in.png){:.img-right} 
Evolving from Prof. Ralph Young’s Dissent in America course, students gather to discuss the historical background to the current political situation in the world. The Teach-ins are held Fridays, 2:00 pm to 3:30 pm in 914 Gladfelter Hall (the Weigley Room). Plesae check the [Temple University Calendar of Events](https://events.temple.edu/department/college-of-liberal-arts) at the beginning of the semester to see the teach-in schedule.
- If you have a suggestion or idea for a speaker or topic, please fill out the following [form](https://form.jotform.com/81094750388161).
- Follow the Dissent in America Teach-ins on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Dissent-in-America-Teach-in/1409419602625923)! 

Learn More about our Teach-Ins!:
- The article “The Right to Dissent” in the 2003 Philadelphia Inquirer article, [History Scholars Fight Present War](http://www.peace.ca/professorsrally.htm).
- The Associated Press & WPVI Channel 6 report on the Oct. 15, 2004 teach-in. The [AP article](http://www.cla.temple.edu/history/2004/10/19/veteran-earns-dissenters-respect-at-teach-in/) was published in over 50 news sources including CNN_, The Washington Post, The Guardian, New York Newsday, The Miami Herald, The Chicago Sun-Times_ & many others.
- Professor Young’s article on dissent in the July 2004 issue of [USA Today Magazine](https://liberalarts.temple.edu/sites/liberalarts/files/DISSENT.pdf).
- An article about the teach-ins in the March 2010 issue of the AHA’s [Perspectives on History](https://www.historians.org/publications-and-directories/perspectives-on-history/march-2010/teaching-history-sixties-style-at-temple-university)
